Welcome back, everyone, to the Data Science Hangout.
My name is Randy Zwich.
I'm Senior Director of Developer Relations here at Posit.
I'm filling in for Rachel, as Curtis mentioned.
And of course, we're happy to have all of you here joining us today.
The Hangout is our open space to hear what's going on in the world of data across different industries,
to chat about data science leadership, and connect with others facing similar issues as yourselves.
We get together here every Thursday at the same time, same Zoom link.
And if you're watching this recording and want to join us in the future,
the YouTube link will have the details below to give you the ability to add it to your calendars.
Please keep in mind we're dedicated to keeping this a friendly and welcoming space for everyone.
And we love hearing from you.
So no matter how many years of experience you have, your title, your industry, programming languages you work in,
or any other differentiator, we want this to be a welcome space for everybody.
And with that, today's Hangout is dedicated to all things Posit Conf 2024.
And so we're going to cover questions from workshops to talks to advice for first timers and anything else that's top of mind for you.
And of course, we hope to see many of you at the conference this August in Seattle.
Whether you're joining us in person or virtually, it will be my first Posit Conf.
I'm sure there's many others that have, you know, more experience than myself.
And we know that people really enjoy connecting with other Hangout attendees.
And so we want to encourage you to briefly introduce yourself, say hi in the chat, possibly include your role, where you're based.
And if you're going to join us in person in Seattle, definitely, you know, add that as well so that you can connect with others, you know, ahead of time.
There's three main ways that you can jump in and ask questions or share your experiences.
One, you know, raise your hand on Zoom and I'll just call in, call on you to read your question.
Ideally, this is the best way, our preferred way so that, you know, more people are interacting.
Secondly, you can put a question in the Zoom chat and feel free to put a star next to it if you want me to read it.
You know, in the case that you might not be able, you know, be in a quiet environment and can read it yourself.
And then third, we have a Slido link where you can ask questions anonymously.
Given the topic today, I don't anticipate a lot of anonymous type questions, but, you know, of course, we do provide that link as well.
And today I'm joined by four PASA co-hosts.
We have Anna, who manages our events and will know a lot about the logistics of PASA Conf.
We have Curtis, who, of course, is here, you know, nearly every week.
We have the ever-present Hadley Wickham, who will answer whatever he will answer.
And then finally, we have Isabella, again, who's also a regular at the Data Science Hangout.
And so just to kick things off, for my four co-hosts, I would say, you know, what is everybody the most excited about this year?
And I'll call on Isabella first.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm very excited for the conference to be in Seattle.
I used to live in Seattle, and it's absolutely gorgeous in August.
Of course, I'm also looking forward to the talks and the networking opportunities that we'll be able to have in that gorgeous Seattle weather.
How about you, Hadley?
What are you looking forward to the most?
Compared to last year, I'm excited that we have Windows.
That is going to be a big plus to have daylight.
I mean, like every year, I'm excited that we just have such an awesome group of speakers who are, like, already starting to get to work on their talks.
And I think the other thing that I'm excited about this year is that we are finally communicating the program committee's vision for the talks, which is that there are, like, four talks in a session.
And we really highly recommend that you stay there for the whole session.
And there is no time in the schedule to get from one room to another, which has caused confusion for folks in the past because we failed to, like, accurately help people understand that.
So I think in general, I'm excited that we're doing a lot more this year just to give everyone kind of a big picture view of the program.
So it should be easier to navigate and find what you're looking for.
Okay.
Curtis or Anna, do you have anything you'd want to share?
I know, like myself, Anna, I don't believe, has attended PositConf in the past.
And so what she might be looking forward to, or she may be more appropriate to, what advice?
But we'll get to that in a little bit.
Yeah.
No, I haven't been.
I'm fairly new to Posit, but I have looked at a lot of photos and video footage from previous years.
So I'm excited to see it in real life.
And I understand that the coffee consumption from this community is out of this world.
So I'm excited to see if that is actually a true statement.
And I'll add, I mean, we've kind of covered a lot of things that you could cover, the people, the place, the talks.
I guess I'd add the stickers.
I think we'll probably spend more money than we've ever spent before on stickers, you know.
So there should be a huge supply for everyone to take back home.
Are these going to be hex stickers, or are they going to be freeform, or do you not want to tell us?
You want to surprise us?
I mean, mostly hex stickers, yeah.
But I'm sure we'll get some others, you know.
Some of them aren't packages, right, so they shouldn't be hex stickers.
But, yeah.
Okay.
And, you know, Anna's part kind of transitions into, you know, the next question is, for those of you who have attended,
and this is not just for my co-hosts, but I think, you know, if anybody has anything they want to share on the community,
what advice would you give to someone that's attending PositConf for the first time?
Face yourself.
Our goal on the program committee is to make sure that even if you're at conf, you feel FOMO,
because there's, like, always at least one other talk you wish you could be listening to at the same time as this talk.
So, you know, like, don't try and see everything.
Don't try and do everything.
All the talks will be available online pretty much as soon as we can after conf,
so you can definitely catch anything you missed afterwards.
And I know a few other people mentioned this in the chat, too.
Like, it's quite nice to actually be able to attend conf virtually, even if you're there in person.
If you need to get away from people for a bit, you can just go up to your hotel room and watch videos from the comfort of your bed.
So that's one of my tips.
For the non-positive people, is there anyone who has anything that they specifically want to add?
Looks like Lisa.
Sit at a table with people you don't know.
That's also a very great just general conference tip, but also a great one here to meet other people.
Watch Libby's talk from last year's conference on how to make friends.
That's a good pre-conference thing to watch for a lightning talk.
Go start attending more data science hangouts now so that you can, like, pre-game up to conf, like, meet more people.
All good advice.
I actually have a question for Hannah on this.
In terms of logistics, there's a reception the night before the talks happen, and I think Rachel will guide this, but maybe we could kind of agree to go there and try to meet each other in person, you know, say hi.
Yeah, definitely recommend.
There will be an opening reception on the night of the 12th after the workshops for a couple hours, so you can pick up your badge. If you didn't attend the workshops, meet some people, grab a drink.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Last year Rachel did a happy hour specifically for this group, so that might be on the cards again. That was fun. That was in a tiki bar in Chicago.
Chris has another one. Always stay at the conference hotel. Good advice for all conferences, yes. It's always great when you can just wander around and walk, don't have to figure out public transport.
Abby's apparently a squat enthusiast, so okay.
I don't know what the squat racks are like. I have not done that in 30 years.
Yeah, you'll have to like scout out the gym when you're there, but I'm pretty sure it's like a standard hotel gym, so it will not have squat racks. It might have like a smith bar.
Support the speakers. That's always a great one. Be a nodder in the crowd. Okay.
Dominic looks like he's going to be traveling all the way from Croatia, so we will have a little extra coffee for Dominic.
Oh yeah, and if you're coming from another country, be aware that like it's going to be cold inside because hotels in the US are always set at like 68 degrees.
And it's like weather. There's like nothing you can do about it except dress for the conditions, so regardless of what temperature it's going to be in Seattle, like make sure you bring like a warm jacket or throw something to stay cozy in the hotel.
Okay.
I have one other one. I saw the Pac-Man rule. We do that a posit. I think that might be Hadley's favorites thing if you want to go into that a little bit.
Yeah, I mean, one of the goals of our goals for comp is just to make it like as welcoming and inclusive as possible, so I know lots of people come.
It might be like the only user of the organization, although now we're starting to see companies bring a bunch of people, which is also very cool.
But we also know, by and large, it's kind of an introverted crowd at comp, so the Pac-Man rule is just like whenever you're standing in a group of people, make sure to leave like Pac-Man's mouth open so other new people can join, so we want to, you know, make it as easy as possible for you to like walk up and say hi to folks.
And I think hopefully this year we'll do the birds of a feather pins as well, so just things you can like add to your lanyard topics you're interested in, so when you're like, someone might be a stranger, but if they're interested in the same things as you, that's a great conversation starter.
We have a question from the chat.
This is probably Hadley, but open to any of the positive employees. When you're putting a program together, how do you get a feel for what the hot topics are that you want to include?
That's a good question. I think, you know, like a lot of it is driven by just who submits, because that tends to be kind of fairly well correlated with like what people are thinking about.
I think like this year, obviously, the kind of hot topic is like generative AI and LLMs, so we're going to, you know, they came up a bunch of times, we're going to have a keynote speaker specifically about that, but I know it's going to come up in other keynote talks as well.
So I think it's just like, you know, one of the things that we're like hearing about in the community from our customers, you know, and calls like this, Rachel's on the program committee, so she does a great job of kind of making sure we're thinking about the stuff that you all are thinking about and worrying about.
Yeah, but it's tough. It's tough. That's like a big part, like a big part of the challenge is going, you know, taking all 300 something submissions, getting them scored, and then like starting to form a cohesive program out of them to try and get some order from the chaos.
Maybe just switching gears for a second to the workshops. I know several people on this chat are giving workshops. Does anybody want to make a plug for either the favorite workshop they want to attend or the workshop that they're going to be delivering?
Not TAing any workshops, but I am looking forward to seeing the resources from build a Cordo dashboard and just seeing, you know, it's a new feature that came out in Cordo 1.4, and, you know, constantly developing and looking forward to seeing like all the possibilities with Cordo dashboards.
Okay, I think from my perspective, I'm TAing the databases one, which is my background, you know, prior to Posit. I'm looking forward, you know, all the workshops are at the same time, if I'm not mistaken, so I will have to watch them, you know, after the fact, but I'm actually looking forward to really getting the entire flavor of Posit.
I joined in January. At one time, I could program in R. Recently, I have found out my skills have atrophied to the point where all of my employees would prefer I didn't write R. And so it'll be good, you know, from my perspective, as new to the company, but not new to data science. I'm actually looking to get that overview of everything that Posit's doing.
Isabella posted in the chat a link to all of the workshops, and so if you're not – if you haven't seen that list yet, I would encourage you to take a look and see what's being offered. Andy's going to the package building workshop. Okay, great.
Yeah, I'm going to be teaching R reproduction, which I will hopefully know enough about by the time that workshop comes around to give a good talk, but I'm, like, giving it as a way to, like, force myself to learn it, to learn more about it. So I've been giving a few talks about it and working on P tools, but I think that should be fun.
Hopefully a fun workshop.
We have another question. Hadley, do you have any sort of insight into your thoughts on having AI teach an entire workshop at Positcom?
I don't think AI is, like, ready for that quite yet. Maybe one day, we'll see.
Yeah, I agree.
It's interesting, like, I use it a bunch in RStudio with the co-pilot integration, and it's just kind of surprising to see, like, what it's good at, what it's bad at, but I don't know, I very mixed feelings about it.
David is going to be attending Advanced Tidy Models. Alan, leveling up with Shiny, okay. Sanjay asks, why Advanced Shiny for Python, but not R?
I think that's because we've just done Advanced Shiny for R, like, basically every comp so far, and felt like that knowledge is kind of, like, at least percolated somewhat to the community.
I think we did, I think also, I mean, there's also Level Up Shiny for, Level Up with Shiny for R, which is kind of similar, not quite as advanced, but I think it includes quite a lot of the, like, some of the content from the previous Advanced R ones, too.
Yeah, I think that makes sense. You know, obviously, Shiny for R has been around well over a decade, if I'm not mistaken. Shiny for Python is a little newer, so we're spending a little bit more time getting the word out for Shiny for Python.
But, of course, both have, are under active development at Posit, and so it's not really one or the other, but really, you know, which language you prefer, or, you know, what you might be doing.
Yeah, we're also interested to see just how people kind of like the one day of tutorials instead of the two days of tutorials. We're kind of hoping it means that, like, more people will come to the tutorial, since it's only three days in total.
Instead of four days in total. And I also have to say, personally, I'm looking forward to having one this day of comp. So, although that's it, we're, we're going to do a, a Tidyverse developer day, the day after comp.
I should add a link to that, if any of you are interested in contributing to the Tidyverse, we have a whole day planned for that afterwards. So, it's normally a pretty fun event, if you have any interest in contributing a little bit to open source packages.
We kind of assume you don't know anything, or we assume you know a little bit about packages, you've used packages, maybe you've used a little bit of GitHub before, but, you know, we have a bunch of helpers to make sure that everyone achieves something and makes some improvement to the Tidyverse in some small way.
There's a little bit of a comment in the, in the chat. It appears I misspoke that the workshops, in fact, are not recorded. So, my apologies for, for mentioning that. The talks and the keynotes will be recorded, though. And so, those you'll be able to go back and view at a later date.
Lidia had some advice. Do you want to give that to the, to the group, Lidia?
Hi. Yeah, I was just saying, like, don't choose a workshop that's more advanced than your skill level. I went to RStudioConf 2022, and my, the workshop I chose was slightly above my skill level and I couldn't really follow along. So, I didn't really feel like I got the most utility out of it. So, that's just my suggestion.
Yeah, I think that's a great point. You know, the whole point of Paws of Comp, besides the sort of networking aspect, is to learn something. And so, be honest with yourself about where you are and where you're going. And, you know, just, you know, pulse your knowledge.
Um, so that you can kind of maximize your time there.
You have a lighthearted question, Hadley. Are you going to be bartending out of the cocktails package?
I, uh.
We have like, we did discuss some ideas for that, but.
Ultimately, I decided I'd probably get too grumpy making people cocktails too quickly for it to be worthwhile.
But I will probably, I'll probably bring some copies of my.
Cocktails look anonymous question. Can you at least provide a signature cocktail?
So that we can, we can ask for a Hadley when we're at the bar.
Yeah, maybe we'll see. We'll see how they go. We normally.
Our budget normally runs more to, like, mixed drinks that can't run cocktails.
Jared thinks grumpy Hadley would be a great name for that. So we'll keep that in mind.
David asked a question that's not necessarily comp related, but it is are related.
Or are studio related. Is there going to be an opportunity to be able to choose a different large language model besides copilots, something like the chat are package in addition to that?
Yeah, that's I think something that's I won't promise any timetable, but I know that's something that people are working on.
Interested in internally and starting to work on a bit.
There is like a good question about.
Someone more than a year ago.
I don't know who can answer that. Maybe Hadley.
Yeah, that's I think something that's I won't promise any timetable, but I know that's something that people are working on.
Interested in internally and starting to work on a bit.
There is a good question about.
Someone Morris is going to be attending the big data and are with arrow.
Wondering if there is any pre work. I think that's a good question. In general, if people want to learn about what workshops are most appropriate.
Are we providing any sort of pre work or.
Prerequisites as part of the workshop explanations.
I think just what's on the web page currently every year.
I think we talk about figuring out how to do it better or maybe doing some kind of quiz you could take to figure out what workshop would be a good fit for you and then.
Every year and unfortunately other things get in the way.
I see Olivia made a note about using notion.
I'd love to hear what folks do in terms of how do you take stuff away from comp and then ensure that you can remember the important stuff and actually use it afterwards.
What techniques tools are folks using to capture the most important bits of information.
I will say I use notion for everything. So I'm very fast at it. Whatever you're using.
Make sure that it's not the first time you're using it. Be comfortable with it. So if you are way faster at using corto or are marked on to take notes and like create cells quickly and do all that stuff.
I would say use that I use notion because I'm super fast at it and I know all the keyboard shortcuts.
But using corto would be like my, the option that I would use or tell people to use for sure.
It's like Luke's trying to try to start a language war here he's team obsidian. Yeah, of course, you know, it would be I'd be remiss if I didn't call out the corto in fact does a lot what notion obsidian and like do.
Sanjay ask what sort of interaction will it be for virtual attendees.
His time, their time zone is in Asia.
And it looks like Lydia said they're supposed to be a discord again.
I don't have the, the, the details of that maybe one of my co hosts can add that.
So yeah, absolutely. This year we're going to have another discord if you haven't used discord before it's like an online chatting platform where you have various channels for different like interests or the talks and things like that.
And people share resources and chat with each other there. And then, in addition to that, there is live Q and a, where that's open to anybody watching the talk.
And so if you're able to join us live, you're able to ask questions of the speakers as well. And I'm just putting in the chat.
Recent blog posts that we just put out on the virtual registration.
Yeah, and I'll add like if you don't want to stay up all night, watching the sessions live.
They will be uploaded into your attendee portal within like 15 minutes after each talk has happened so you can definitely wait till the next morning to watch a talk as well.
And then the plan to put them on YouTube like a month later or something two months later, it will go on YouTube like I don't know the timeframe but yeah.
Yeah, we've normally done that. Yeah, fairly quickly after con, but obviously the fastest way is to sign up for virtual registration and get them within 15 minutes.
That's pretty cool.
I see the discussion is devolved into EMAX maybe we should just move on.
Do you know, do you know if we have any kind of on the topic of AI, do you know if we have any plans to provide automated translations, something subtitles.
Yes, yes, similar to last year, what we had last year the closed captioning.
Not not live right but on the videos that come out pretty quickly afterwards. Right.
Yeah.
Has anyone used any cool tools for like summarizing YouTube videos I've seen a few things around now that do like a pretty good job of trying to pull out like important keyframes and then summarizing the text as well.
Anyone.
Is anything cool.
I don't think it exists because every week we have kind of AI note takers and so same same basic concepts.
I used. I think it's called data Otter.
I'm the one that often jumps into zoom calls and starts transcribing and I think it could do other videos as well so I tried the free trial.
And it was really nice because you could, you know, Control F for text.
And then you could then go to jump to that section you know and hear that kind of that part of the recording. And then it would also do kind of a summary, I feel some of the summary like if you have an hour long thing, the summaries are not all that great sometimes
you can kind of start creating good sections for you. But that control that thing was super useful you know like I wanted to. Every time someone said shiny or something like that you just control that that pull it up and you can kind of see all those moments.
So super easy to kind of like go through the video.
You have to say I find attending like talks live really hard now because I'm so used to watching them on YouTube and like double speed it seems like it's like agonizingly slow when people talk at a normal speed.
And then there's no subtitles to like quickly skim.
So I did, I definitely prefer watch the talks after watching live.
Luke calls out read wise for subtitles and so another one for us for people to explore.
I have a question that's perhaps for Anna, if you know, with the positive comp location. Is it within walking distance of any sort of transit hub, how are people, presumably, you know, most people will arrive by plane.
How do you get from from that airport to where the conference will actually be.
Yeah, that's a good question. So I haven't actually been to the venue yet but I am going next week, so I'll be able to test this out, and we can probably add more FAQ info on this on the website but from my understanding is it's roughly 20 to 30 minutes from the airport
to get there by car, I'm sure there is public transport links Isabella your looks like there's a train. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's right there is a train that goes directly from the airport to really really close to the hotel, and it's very convenient and smooth
so highly recommend it. If you're getting in a good time, I think it stops at midnight or so.
It's great. You're like the hotels and a great area there's tons of stuff you can walk to nearby.
Yeah, yeah and around the hotel Seattle is a really big bus city so there are different neighborhoods that you want to explore and anything like that there's a lot of buses that can get you there.
Pike Place Market is super close to the hotel venue.
Infamous Gamal is there.
Public transport enthusiasts, Curtis and Andy taking Amtrak from Portland. Okay.
Maybe I was being presumptuous that most people would take, take a plane but it's good to hear that there's public transport options to get from the airports to to downtown and other places.
Peter comments about his, his experience with Otter I don't know if you wanted to share that.
Sure. We just so we have a lot of a lot of meetings where there might be confidential information shared and we had an external partner who showed up to the meeting and Otter AI followed him into the meeting.
And it later came out that like he had, you know, downloaded some sort of free trial and couldn't turn it off. And so we had a potential issue.
Anyway, I just I just wanted to put that out there that that that had happened to us with our agency, and you just need to watch for it, just to make sure that, you know, information that shouldn't be getting out outside of protected servers and so forth isn't
always a good thing to keep in mind as we get into this age of automated transcription and large language models and training and all those sorts of things is where does the data actually go and, you know, does that matter.
Isabella put a restaurant recommendation and you want to comment on that.
Sure. So, I'm commenting like a walking distance from the hotel there also a ton of things do. And one of my favorite things is to eat. And so highly recommend been typhoon, which is, I believe, in a mall called Wesley place something like that.
And top floor has delicious food, including soup dumplings spicy wontons string beans.
It's very, very good.
I'm definitely looking for as many restaurant recommendations as possible, not to say that comfortable and have good food but to the extent that I can expense, large bills I like to do that.
And best way to do that to eating.
Coffee should be good coffee to hopefully being Seattle.
I normally rely on Davis on my team always does extensive research about the good coffee places, wherever we're traveling so I just rely on his recommendations.
Nice.
I have a question about birds of a feather this year.
Curtis Can you maybe talk a little bit about that.
What is birds of a feather and sort of, you know, what's the purpose of it.
Had they had brought it up, kind of, I think, wondering kind of what we were doing I think, I think we will know a bit more in the coming weeks as and I gets a chance to do the site visit and kind of actually like kind of plan out times and locations but what is
birds of a feather.
It's just, it's just about networking and kind of community and reaching folks that you want to reach. So, if you could give me 60 seconds to tell a story, I'll do my best like I was talking to Eric Nance, who, you know, he does our weekly he does our podcast
series.
He told me he went to the first positive conference feel cough which was shiny cough over at Stanford, and he was talking about how one of the awesome things that came out of that get together was that there was a whole bunch of pharma shiny developers, all located in one
place. So on the sidelines of that conference, they started kind of self organizing and like so browser and, you know, a lot of all those folks, they then started our pharma.
And out of our and pharma emerged like a lot of really cool stuff so like if you Google that our consortium FDA submissions group right. It's a group of shiny developers who work in life sciences, pharma basically.
And they're just, they're just working together and working with the FDA to encourage them to adopt open source particularly shiny and are in FDA submissions and across the industry.
And, you know, Eric kind of puts that up is like, this is just one of the awesome things, not I mean not just positive positive confident particular, but, but attending these other things in person.
You know, like if you go to the agenda on for positive this year and you kind of put shiny in the search.
There's a whole bunch of shiny tracks or shiny, you know, sets of talks and in that room will be hundreds of people who are shiny developers. So if you're looking for kind of ways to kind of connect with people who are using the same tools, working on the same
problems often working in the same fields.
That's a great way to do it, and then birds of a feather, the goal there is to just create more opportunities for you to connect with people that you really want to connect with so it's usually by industry by tool.
So we'll almost certainly have something for like, you know, meet the shiny team for example, if Hadley and team is open for, you know, meet the tidy verse team at like the lounge.
So there's industry ones like public sector and life science.
And there's usually an educator one like a positive conference usually between 200 and 300 people who teach courses. So we try to like give them opportunity to connect with each other.
So that's, that's the goal of birds of a feather, you know, flock together so like plant a flag and meet with each other.
I think this year is going to be a bit more self organized where there'll be kind of a board, I'm not sure exactly what will be and I will set this up but it'll probably be kind of a board where you could kind of see the schedule and where people
are meeting, and you could create your own groups.
So, sorry to keep talking again but like one of my favorites ones is one of the past our studio cons was in San Francisco. And for whatever reason, a whole bunch of Federal Reserve economists from across the, you know, you know there's like 12 regional, and then the Fed
they have, there's like 12 of them who came from across the country. So they set up, you know, a little lunch for them so it's just a good chance for kind of like all the our users to work in the Federal Reserve to kind of meet together and like share what they're doing,
that sort of thing. So that's the goal, and hopefully it's kind of increases the chances that you get you have to meet other people you're like really excited to meet, for example, shiny developers, that sort of thing.
Chats has really slowed down and I don't know if that means we've answered all the questions or
we're just taking a break discussion topic who here has been using copilot extensively, as well as vs code versus positive cloud versus RStudio desktop.
That's probably more of a chat question. I'm not sure
fruitful to talk about here would love to meet Dominic would love to meet more more shiny fans and users.
Right, well, don't want to make this awkward and I don't want to belabor the point if any special event closing plans.
I guess let me visit question for Anna.
I mean nothing special conferences.
Conference next year.
Those are ladies and pilates as well.
I think Isabella.
That's right, I was just pulling up the link. So on the day right after the last keynote, we are going to have an our ladies by ladies mixer with our lady Seattle and pilates Seattle.
I just put the meetup link in the chat. We'd love to see you there. And we'll discuss I was a co organizer for our lady Seattle and it's an amazing group, highly recommended
reply.
Luke asks a very important question who's going to let who locally is going to bring their dog so for anybody who's missing missing their pets.
I don't know why we can't include cats too but
anyone local.
There's a request for dogs so keep that in mind.
All right.
If there are no other questions.
I will wrap this up for today.
Again, for all of you that that attended today and of course that that attend that each week.
You know the data science hangout. Again, it's really just a place for all of us to get together, share and learn together and so hopefully you learned about positive comp if you had any open questions, of course, if there are other questions.
us, including coming to the next data science hangout next week.
You know, feel free to answer questions, ask questions there.
And if you want to get more info.
You can send a message to comp at posit.co.
I don't know who monitors that email possibly and possibly others. And if you have specific questions. And of course, if you have questions about your specific attendance.
Please feel free to ask there.
Otherwise, again, thanks everybody for attending, and I hope to see some or all of you in Seattle.
Thank you everyone.